Prepare DDL docs for GA (#14648)
docker/docker.github.io: desktop/linux/install/fedora.md

---
description: Instructions for installing Docker Desktop on Fedora
keywords: requirements, apt, installation, fedora, rpm, install, uninstall, upgrade, update

> redirect_from:
> - /desktop/linux/installation/fedora/
> - /desktop/linux/fedora/

Reviewer: Same for this; can be removed

```suggestion
```

title: Install Docker Desktop on Fedora
toc_max: 4
---

To get started with Docker Engine on Fedora, make sure you
[meet the prerequisites](#prerequisites), then
[install Docker](#install-docker-desktop).

## Prerequisites

{% include desktop-linux-requirements.md %}

Additionally, for a Gnome Desktop environment you must install AppIndicator and KStatusNotifierItem [Gnome extensions](https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/615/appindicator-support/).

### OS requirements

> To install Docker Engine, you need the 64-bit version of one of these Fedora versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Docker Desktop for Linux, you need the 64-bit version of one of these Fedora versions:
```

- Fedora 35
- Fedora 36

#### Install Docker Desktop

Recommended approach to install Docker Desktop on Ubuntu:

1. [Set up Docker's RPM repository](../../../engine/install/fedora.md#set-up-the-repository) 

2. Download latest RPM package from the [release](../release-notes/index.md) page.

3. Install the package with dnf as follows:
    
    ```console
    $ sudo dnf install ./docker-desktop-<version>-<arch>.rpm
    ```

There are a few post-install configuration steps done through the maintainers' scripts (post-install script contained in the RPM package.
The post-install script:

  - sets the capability on the Docker Desktop binary to map privileged ports and set resource limits
  - adds a DNS name for Kubernetes to `/etc/hosts`
  - creates a link from `/usr/bin/docker` to `/usr/local/bin/com.docker.cli`

## Launch Docker Desktop

{% include desktop-linux-launch.md %}

#### Upgrade Docker Desktop

> Once a new version for Docker Desktop is released, the Docker UI shows a notification. 
>  You need to download the new package each time you want to upgrade Docker and run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a new version for Docker Desktop is released, the Docker UI shows a notification. 
You need to download the new package each time you want to upgrade Docker Desktop and run
```

>  ```console
>     $ sudo dnf install ./docker-desktop-<version>-<arch>.rpm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```console
$ sudo dnf install ./docker-desktop-<version>-<arch>.rpm
```

---
description: Instructions for installing Docker Desktop on Fedora
keywords: requirements, apt, installation, fedora, rpm, install, uninstall, upgrade, update
redirect_from:
- /desktop/linux/installation/fedora/
- /desktop/linux/fedora/
title: Install Docker Desktop on Fedora
toc_max: 4
---

To get started with Docker Engine on Fedora, make sure you
[meet the prerequisites](#prerequisites), then
[install Docker](#install-docker-desktop).

## Prerequisites

{% include desktop-linux-requirements.md %}

> Additionally, the Gnome Desktop environment must have installed AppIndicator and KStatusNotifierItem [Gnome extensions](https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/615/appindicator-support/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, for a Gnome Desktop environment must you must install AppIndicator and KStatusNotifierItem [Gnome extensions](https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/615/appindicator-support/).
```

  - adds a DNS name for Kubernetes to `/etc/hosts`
  - creates a link from `/usr/bin/docker` to `/usr/local/bin/com.docker.cli`

## Launch Docker Desktop

{% include desktop-linux-launch.md %}

#### Upgrade Docker Desktop

Once a new version for Docker Desktop is released, the Docker UI shows a notification. 
 You need to download the new package each time you want to upgrade Docker and run

 ```console
    $ sudo dnf install ./docker-desktop-<version>-<arch>.rpm
```

## Uninstall Docker Desktop

To remove Docker Desktop for Linux, run:

```console
$ sudo dnf remove docker-desktop
```

For a complete cleanup, remove configuration and data files at `$HOME/.docker/desktop`, the symlink at `/usr/local/bin/com.docker.cli`, and purge
the remaining systemd service files.

```console
$ rm -r $HOME/.docker/desktop
$ sudo rm /usr/local/bin/com.docker.cli
```

Remove the `credsStore` and `currentContext` properties from `$HOME/.docker/config.json`. Additionally, you must delete any edited configuration files manually. 

## Next steps

- Review the topics in [Develop with Docker](../../develop/index.md) to learn how to build new applications using Docker.

> ## Next steps

Reviewer 2: Seems to be a duplication? There is another "Next steps" section just above
